FOCUS OF TONIGHT'S ANGLE.
THE 2020 ELECTION CYCLE HAS
ALREADY BEGUN.
AND THE SUPERSTARS OF THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY ARE NOW MORE
LEFT-WING THAN EVER BEFORE AND
THEY ARE ALREADY TRYING TO OUTDO
ONE ANOTHER ON THE COMPASSION
SCALE.
>> THE FIRST THING I WOULD DO IS
RESTORE WHAT'S BEEN LOST.
THE INTEGRITY AND THE COMPASSION
OF THIS COUNTRY.
>> NEW YORK LOVES YOU IF YOU ARE
L OR G OR B OR T OR Q.
IF YOU ARE BLACK OR WHITE OR
BROWN.
IF YOU ARE A CHRISTIAN, A
MUSLIM, OR IF YOU ARE JEWISH.
IF YOU ARE A NEW APPLICANT OR AN
OLD IMMIGRANT.
NEW YORK LOVES YOU AND WHAT
MAKES US GREAT IS WE HAVE NO
TOLERANCE FOR HATE IN OUR STATE.
>> Laura: CATCHY.
HE LEFT OFF ASIANS AND ATHEISTS.
OKAY.
OF COURSE WHAT CUOMO SAYS NO
TOLERANCE FOR HATE, HE REALLY
MEANS NO TOLERANCE FOR
CONSERVATIVES IN THE POSITIONS
THAT THEY HOLD.
BECAUSE IN CUOMO'S COMPASSIONATE
NEW YORK, THERE'S NO TOLERANCE
FOR THE INALIENABLE RIGHTS OF
THE UNBORN.
YOU KNOW, THE LIFE IN THE WOMB
THAT HIS OWN CHURCH SAYS IS
SACRED.
>> I BELIEVE WE SHOULD PASS A
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT, NOT
JUST A ROE V. WADE LAW, A
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
LET'S WRITE THE RIGHTS OF ROVE
HE WEIGHED INTO THE STATE
CONSTITUTION SO IT CAN NEVER
BE CHANGED.
>> Laura: I THINK WHAT'S GOING
ON HERE IS THAT CUOMO, LIKE SO
MANY ON THE LEFT, IS REALLY
WORRIED.
HE'S WORRIED THE SUPREME COURT
MIGHT REVERSE ROE, MIGHT SEND IT
ALL BACK TO THE STATE.
HE ALSO HAS TO KNOW THAT PUBLIC
OPINION IS SHIFTING A BIT TOWARD
THE MORE PRO-LIFE POSITION.
BY THE WAY, IF AMERICA'S
DECLINING FERTILITY RATE
CONTINUES, ANDY, I HAVE A
QUESTION.
WHO'S GOING TO PAY ALL THOSE
TAXES TO SUPPORT HIS PET
PROJECTS?
OF COURSE WITH ZERO REGARD FOR
FACTS, CUOMO BREXIT HE HAS THIS
ECONOMIC PROSPERITY THING DOWN
DOWN.
>> THE MOST PROGRESSIVE
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA.
WE HAVE BALANCED BUDGETS.
WE HAVE THE MOST SOCIALLY
PROGRESSIVE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF
ANY STATE IN THE NATION AND IT'S
NOT EVEN CLOSE.
FIRST BIG STATE TO PASS MARRIAGE
EQUALITY.
FIRST STATE TO PASS $15, HIGHEST
MINIMUM WAGE.
>> Laura: YEA, THE DEMOCRAT
ZOMBIES, THEY ACTUALLY PANNED
THE AUDIENCE, THEY ARE
STANDING, PLOTTING, STANDING
OVATION.
BUT THEY ARE UNCONCERNED WITH
THE REAL-WORLD EFFECTS OF SOME
OF THOSE POLICIES, NAMELY THIS
RISE IN THE MINIMUM WAGE.
JOHN BLUESTEIN WHO OWNED SIX
RESTAURANTS IN NEW YORK CITY
TOLD CBS WE LOST CONTROL
OF OUR LARGEST CONTROLLABLE
EXPENSE, SO IN ORDER TO LIVE
WITH THAT AND STAY IN THE
BUSINESS HERE, WE ARE CUTTING
HOURS.
WELL, THIS IS THE THIRD WAGE
HIKE IN NEW YORK SINCE 2016.
SO WHO DOES THAT REALLY HELP?
CERTAINLY NOT THE RESTAURANTS,
NOT THE WORKERS GETTING HOURS
CUT, AND OUT THE PATRONS.
THE NEW YORK CITY HOSPITALITY
ALIGNED SURVEY OF 574
RESTAURANTS FOUND THAT 75% OF
FULL-SERVICE RESTAURANTS PLAN TO
CUT EMPLOYEE HOURS THIS YEAR DUE
TO THE MINIMUM WAGE HIKE.
THAT'S NOT ALL.
47% SAY THEY WILL CUT JOBS IN
2019, AND 87% SAY THEY ARE GOING
TO RAISE MENU PRICES.
WE WENT OUT TO DINNER LAST NIGHT
NEW YORK.
HE WAS PRETTY EXPENSIVE ALREADY.
THIS IS THE OPPOSITE, MY
FRIENDS, OF COMPASSION.
THIS BRINGS US TO THE FRESHEST
OF CONGRESSIONAL FRESHMEN.
FRESH PEOPLE, WHAT CAN WE SAY?
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ WHO
HAPPILY REFERS TO HERSELF AS
BOTH A SOCIALIST AND A RADICAL.
BY THE WAY, I THINK IT'S IN THE
STATE FOR CONSERVATIVES NOT TO
TAKE HER SERIOUSLY, TO BRUSH HER
OFF AS A FLASH IN    IN A PAN OR
AN UPSTART.
SHE IS AS CLOSE TO A THOUGHT
LEADER THAT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
HAS TODAY.
AND SHE HAS A MASSIVE
SOCIAL MEDIA FOLLOWING.
SHE IS BOTH CHARISMATIC AND
SHE'S COMMITTED TO TRANSFORMING
BOTH OUR ECONOMIC SYSTEM AND OUR
CULTURE.
FIRST, SHE AIMS TO CREATE A
SOCIALIST ECONOMIC SYSTEM WITH
SKY HIGH MARGINAL RATES.
>> YOU KNOW, YOU LOOK AT OUR TAX
RATES BACK IN THE '60s AND
WHAT YOU HAVE A PROGRESSIVE TAX
RATE SYSTEM, YOUR TAX RATE, YOU
KNOW, LET'S SAY FROM 0
TO $75,000, MAY BE 10% OR 15%,
ET CETERA.
ONCE YOU GET TO THE TIPPY TOP,
ON YOUR $10 MILLION, SOMETIMES
YOU SEE TAX RATES AS HIGH AS 60
OR 70%.
DOESN'T MEAN ALL $10 MILLION OR
TAX AT EXTREMELY HIGH RATE BUT
IT MEANS AS YOU CLIMB UP THIS
LATTER, YOU SHOULD BE
CONTRIBUTING MORE.
>> Laura: WELL, IT DOESN'T
STOP THERE.
>> IF WE GET PEOPLE TO PAY THEIR
FAIR SHARE, THAT'S
2,000,000,000,010 YEARS.
NOW IF WE IMPLEMENT A CARBON TAX
ON TOP OF THAT, SO THAT WE CAN
TRANSITION AND FINANCIALLY
INCENTIVIZE PEOPLE AWAY FROM
FOSSIL FUELS, IF WE IMPLEMENT
CARBON TAX THAT'S AN ADDITIONAL
AMOUNT OF A LARGE AMOUNT OF
REVENUE THAT WE CAN HAVE.
>> Laura: TREVOR NOAH'S EYES
ARE GLAZING OVER.
HOW DOES ANY OF THIS ADD UP?
IT DOESN'T.
ON THE CULTURAL SIDE, SHE AND
OTHERS LIKE OR INTEND TO USE THE
GOVERNMENT AND THEIR POSITIONS
OF INFLUENCE NOW TO MANDATE
CAMPUS-STYLE POLITICAL
CORRECTNESS.
WHAT DO I MEAN BY THAT?
WELL, ANYONE WHO DARES QUESTION
THIS PROGRESSIVE AGENDA IS NOT
JUST WRONG BUT THEY ARE
DOWNRIGHT EVIL.
SO THERE'S NO ROOM FOR DEBATE,
ONLY DEMONIZATION.
AND A RECENT TWEET SHE ASSERTS
MANY HAVE RECOGNIZED THAT
FOX NEWS HAS CROSSED A LINE
BEYOND CONSERVATISM INTO
OUTRIGHT BIGOTRY WITH THEIR
FINANCE OF TUCKER CARLSON
LAURA INGRAHAM.
YOU SEE, MY FRIENDS, THIS ISN'T
YOUR DADDY'S LIBERALISM WHERE IT
WAS ALL ABOUT LOVE AND PEACE AND
LIVE AND LET LIVE.
THIS IS KIND OF THE OLD-SCHOOL
NEW ENGLAND PURITANISM WITH A
RADICAL TWIST.
THEY ARE GOING TO WITH BUFFED
THEIR FOLLOWERS TO TRY TO
INTIMIDATE AND SILENCE ANYONE
WHO GETS IN THEIR WAY.
NOW, SHE'S ONLY BEEN ON THE JOB
FOR LIKE SIX DAYS BUT SHE'S
ALREADY PRACTICING THE RULES FOR
RADICALS.
RULE 13, PICK THE TARGET, FREEZE
IT, PERSONALIZE IT, AND POLARIZE
IT.
CUT OFF THE SUPPORT NETWORK AND
ISOLATE THE TARGET FROM
SYMPATHY.
GO AFTER PEOPLE AND NOT
INSTITUTIONS.
PEOPLE HURT FASTER THAN
RATHER THAN DEBATING THE MERIT
OF POLICIES, THESE NEW LEFT-WING
PROGRESSIVE PURITANS AIM TO
SHAME.
A WALL IS RACIST, SO PEOPLE WHO
WANT A WALL ARE RACIST.
END OF STORY.
>> A WALL IS IN IMMORALITY.
IT'S NOT WHO WE ARE AS A NATION.
IT'S A WALL BETWEEN REALITY AND
HIS CONSTITUENTS, HIS
SUPPORTERS.
>> Laura: NOW, ALL OF YOU WHO
ARE DOING BETTER IN THE TRUMP
ECONOMY, YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS.
THEY PLAN TO TAKE YOUR MONEY
AWAY AND REDISTRIBUTED TO, YOU
KNOW, WHATEVER THEIR PET CAUSES
ARE.
AND TO ALL OF OUR LIBERTARIAN
FRIENDS WHO BELIEVE THAT TRUMP
IS THE BIG THREAT TO THE FREE
MARKET BECAUSE OF TARIFFS AND SO
FORTH, OPEN YOUR EYES.
THESE PEOPLE, INCLUDING
NANCY PELOSI, THEY ARE GOING TO
TAKE IT ALL AWAY.
FREEDOM OF SPEECH, FREEDOM OF
CONTRACT, FREEDOM OF RELIGION OR
CONSCIENCE.
YOU THINK I'M EXAGGERATING.
I'M NOT.
BECAUSE WHEN YOU SAY THE WRONG
THING IN OR BECAUSE IO CORTES'
WORLD, THEY PUT YOU IN DETENTION
HALL AND YOU NEVER GET OUT.
REMEMBER, THEY BELIEVE THEY ARE
RIGHT AND YOU ARE EVIL.
MODERATES EVEN SEEM PETRIFIED OF
TAKING ON THESE NEW
PROGRESSIVES.
THIS IS FORMER SEC CHAIR RICHARD
BREDON TODAY ON CNBC.
>> ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ
JOINING THE HOUSE FINANCIAL
SERVICES COMMITTEE LED BY MAXINE
WATERS.
WHAT IS THAT GOING TO LOOK LIKE
FOR THE INDUSTRY?
>> WELL, MAYBE SHE WILL LEARN
SOMETHING.
[LAUGHS]
>> ARE YOU QUESTIONING SOME OF
THE...
SOME OF HER ECONOMIC IDEAS THAT
SHE'S PUT OUT THERE?
>> I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANY
HISTORIC EVIDENCE THAT 70% TAX
RATE FACILITATES GDP GROWTH.
PERHAPS, YOU KNOW, WE WILL
DISCOVER SOMETHING.
>> Laura: [LAUGHS]
OH, MY GOD.
I AM WASHING THIS THIS MORNING
GOING, IS THAT ALL YOU HAVE,
RICHARD?
REAL POWERFUL REPUTATION, REAL
STRONG DEFENSE STRONG DEFENSE OF
FREE MARKET IN CAPITALISM.
REPUBLICANS ARE TO TAKE THE
PROGRESSIVE TAKE OVER THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY VERY SERIOUSLY
AND OFFER A STRONG COUNTER
NARRATIVE.
IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT IT
LOOKS LIKE TO BE A CONSERVATIVE
AND PERPETUALLY IN THE FETAL
POSITION WORRIED ABOUT BEING
BRANDED RACIST OR EVIL, WELL,
LOOK NO FURTHER THAN THERESA
MAY.
DIDN'T WORK OUT SO WELL FOR HER
TO BE ON HER HEELS.
NOW TRUMP IS THE OPPOSITE.
HE FIGHTS.
HE FIGHTS FOR LAW AND ORDER.
HE FIGHTS FOR SOVEREIGNTY.
HE FIGHTS FOR JUDGES TO APPLY
THE LAWS OF DON'T REWRITE IT.
AND HE FIGHTS FOR A STRONGER
ECONOMY.
SO AFTER TWO YEARS OF
PRESIDENT TRUMP, WE HAVE HIGHER
WAGES, 500,000 NEW MANUFACTURING
JOBS, THE STRONGEST GDP GROWTH
AMONG ALL THE G-7 NATIONS.
BUT THE PROGRESSIVES, THEY DON'T
CARE BECAUSE IF ENACTING THEIR
GREEN CONTRACT WITH AMERICA
REQUIRES YOUR STANDARD OF LIVING
TO GO DOWN, TOUGH COOKIES.
THESE PEOPLE ARE FANATICS, AND
THEY ARE RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT.
>> ARE YOU CONSIDERING RUNNING
FOR PRESIDENT?
>> I'M FOCUSED ON MY JOB BUT
LISTEN, RIGHT NOW OUR PARTY IS
GOING THROUGH A SERIES DEBATE
AND THERE IS STILL A LOT OF
MODERATE VOICES IN THE PARTY
THEY DID NOT LEARN THE LESSONS
OF 2016.
THEY ARE NOT LISTENING TO WHAT
PEOPLE NEED IN THIS COUNTRY, SO
I WANT TO PUSH THIS WHOLE PARTY
-- WE COULD GO A LOT FARTHER.
WE COULD BE BOLDER THAN WHAT
WE'RE DOING NOW.
>> ARE YOU RULING IT OUT?
>> I NEVER RULE THINGS OUT.
>> Laura: WATCH YOUR WALLET.
WHAT ARE THE PROGRESSIVES
ACTUALLY LEARNING THEMSELVES?
MODERATES AREN'T LEARNING.
WHAT ARE THE PROGRESSIVES
LEARNING?
NOT MUCH.
AMERICANS ARE FLEEING THE MOST
PROGRESSIVE STATES IN AMERICA
DUE TO HIGH COSTS AND HIGH TAXE
TAXES.
NO WONDER THEY ARE WELCOME THE
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS IN NEW YORK
AND CALIFORNIA.
THEY NEED THE CITIZENS COME
AGAIN.
ALL THAT OTHER CITIZENS ARE
LEAVING.
ARE AMERICANS REALLY READY TO BE